Previously on
"The Rookie: Feds"...
I think you're assigned
to the Background Check Unit.
You'll be doing
background checks
on potential
federal employees.
These are your
coloring books,
officially known as a
Probationary New Agent Handbook.
All the mandatory tasks
rookies must complete...
You have 30 seconds
to explain
why you have
abandoned your post.
Oliver, it's my fault.
You can't just poach
my people.
♪ Just bought some new kicks ♪
Woman: Oh, my God.
I cannot believe he did that.
If brains were taxed,
that man would get a refund.
Avery, you're so bad.
Yeah. Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
♪ Want to get in my car ♪
♪ Maybe we can listen ♪
♪ To some music or whatever ♪
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪ Make our own sounds
even better ♪
♪ They don't know ♪
♪ They won't know ♪
♪ Nobody's business ♪
♪ Our windows tinted ♪
[ Screams ]
[ Glass shatters ]
[ Spray hisses ]
♪
Don't step in
the broken glass.
[ Muffled moaning ]
Now, remember,
hard and fast--
her neck has to snap
with a single blow.
Like she slipped and fell.
Three, two, one.
[ Neck snaps, body thuds ]
♪ Ah ah, ah ah, ah-ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah ah, ah ah, ah-ah ♪
Good morning, dream team.
What's up, cute thing?
Hey.
Garza: What is up
is that you and Simone
have fallen behind
on your coloring books.
Oh.
That's because we've been out
saving the world.
Well, it doesn't matter.
Rules are rules in the Bureau.
No exceptions.
Carter: If you two don't
complete every task
by the end of
your probationary period,
no amount of heroics
will keep you in the FBI.
Oh.
Today we're checking off
lower profile items.
Brendon, you're going
on a burn run.
A burn what?
You and Laura
are gonna follow a truck
with old evidence
from adjudicated cases
to a burn site
to be destroyed.
The Bureau requires that agents
oversee that procedure, so...
That sounds, uh...
Boring?
Yes, it is.
Why are you
so happy?
'Cause I am.
Alright,
let's get to it.
Okay, boss, well,
what about me?
What is my assignment?
Inventory.
Every item that the Bureau
issues its employees
needs to be accounted for
on a quarterly basis.
We're talking phones,
computers, weapons,
even staplers.
Everybody hates inventory day.
You're gonna get loads of hell.
Why are you smiling?
You have to do it with me. Wrong.
Inventory takes place
within the FBI office
and therefore requires
no adult supervision.
You will be flying
solo on this.
And I'll take
some personal time.
Well, why'd you even
come in?
To see the look
on your face.
Yep. That's the one.
[ Laughs ]
Alright.
I am about to crush this.
My boss?
He's not here.
He's [Whispering] hiding
from you in the bathroom.
Agent Daniels.
Are you in there?
No.
Agent Daniels, I just need
to get the VIN number
from your Bureau car.
But you don't need to look
at any of the pictures on it,
right?
Nope.
Just the serial number.
No one touches my girl
but me.
No one.
I don't have it.
Meaning you left it at home?
No, I mean, I just--
It's-- I can't find it.
You lost your Bureau car?
And a bit of advice?
Next time, keep your privates
off your publics.
I only need
to "touch your girl"
with my eyes to confirm
the serial number.
It's just-- It's--
It's temporarily misplaced.
Can you come back
tomorrow?
Honey, I got to get this
done today.
I got to do all the--
I know you did not
just close this door on me
while I'm talking to you.
Isn't burning evidence
kind of a bad idea?
I mean, what if the evidence
is needed again down the line?
No, it won't be.
All the evidence on that truck
belongs to cases
that have gone
through the appeals process--
sentenced, settled, done.
So-- So we just sit
there and watch it burn?
Well, the burn site
is a commercial business.
And the evidence
is federal property.
So we just, you know, babysit it
until it transforms into ash.
You can't possibly
enjoy this.
Plus, you let me drive,
which is weird.
What-- What are you
looking at?
Oh, um...
I'm buying a house.
What? Oh, my God.
That's amazing.
Congratulations.
Where is it?
Uh, Culver City.
Yeah, I just put the offer
in last night.
Waiting to hear back
from my realtor.
So I need a task that requires
zero brainpower.
Let me see.
Oh, wow.
It's adorable.
What does that mean?
Nothing.
You think it's small.
No, I didn't say small.
It's... cozy.
♪
Woman on P. A.:
Respiratory tech to OB.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
So, I have
the perfect day planned,
starting with breakfast
at the beach.
Great.
You okay?
If you're too tired,
we can do something
more low key. No.
I love the beach.
It's just been
a difficult shift.
You lost a patient?
No.
The pill count
in the pharmacy
has been off every day
for a week,
and people are starting
to point fingers.
At me.
What? Why you?
'Cause they figure the apple
doesn't fall far from the tree.
That makes no sense.
Your mom's not a drug dealer.
She's a felon
who runs a strip club.
I love that you see
the difference,
but most people don't.
Okay, what pills
are going missing?
Adderall, Oxy, Ketamine.
Admin has talked to LAPD,
but it's a low priority
for them.
Well, you're
a top priority for me,
and I can't have this hanging
over your head on our date.
So I'm gonna
solve this crime.
No. This feels beneath you.
Title 21 gives the FBI
permission to investigate
controlled substances.
Just have to call
my boss for the okay.
I do need one more thing
to start my investigation.
What?
A smart, sexy partner.
You know the hospital
and the employees.
And I can't crack
this case without you.
Do I get a code name?
Yeah.
Trouble.
[ Chuckles ]
Let's get started.
Come on.
"Do I get a code name?"
I mean,
in the movies,
they always get code names.
[ Both laugh ]
This ain't the movies.
Good morning,
Agent Bailor.
You ever thought about
hanging up some artwork in here?
You know, liven up
the place a bit?
Probationary Special
Agent Clark.
That's me.
Never thought I'd see
your face in here again.
Well, me neither.
But I'm on inventory duty.
Oh, gun, phone, laptop,
credentials, and Bu car.
Correct?
A complete list of my items
and their corresponding
serial numbers.
Everyone, hand over
your inventory cards
to Special Agent Clark.
Damn. Impressive.
The devil
is in the details.
You'd have learned that
if you'd stayed here
instead of jumping ship
first chance you got.
[ Indistinct shouting,
backup indicator beeping ]
Ooh, this looks like fun.
I wonder if they'll
let me throw in a few.
No, no, no.
Stand down, Probie.
Their job is to burn,
our job is to observe.
Oh. Alright.
Public corruption,
30 boxes.
Intellectual property theft,
20 boxes.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
What?!
What?
My offer
didn't get accepted.
I-I'm now in a bidding war
with four other buyers.
That's L. A. real estate
for you.
Apparently now I have to submit
my best and final offer
along with a letter
to the homeowners?
[ Stammers ] Not only do
I have to overpay,
but I have to kiss
their asses.
No, it's very common.
I've been through this before.
T-The homeowners,
they want to be courted.
You know, they don't
just want your money,
they want a good story.
Okay, well, my story
is in my credit score,
my 30% down payment,
and my pristine
employment record.
Yeah, no.
That's all financial.
You need to convince
the homeowner
that you love this house,
that you're
the only person
who will take care
of its legacy.
Ugh, gag.
Well, then
bye-bye, house.
Fine.
What do I need to do?
What you do best.
You profile them.
You tell them exactly
what they want to hear.
Hey, Chuck.
I'm Simone.
I'm here to inventory
all the unassigned
department cellphones.
I mean, if you could
help me out and let me know
where they are--
Thanks.
[ Chuckles ]
Are you going
on a coffee run?
Because if you are,
I'll take a--
[ Cellphone ringing ]
What the...
[ Ringing continues ]
Hello?
Who's this?
Uh, who did you
want it to be?
Mike Jeffers.
I don't know who that is,
but I'm Simone.
Then why'd you
answer his phone?
Because it was ringing.
And you just happen to have
an FBI agent's cellphone?
I'm an FBI agent, too.
But not the right one.
I need to speak with Mike now.
It's a matter
of life and death.
Okay, sweetie,
let me try to find him.
Can you tell me
your name?
No.
Psst. Do you know
Special Agent Mike Jeffers?
I did.
He died a few months ago.
Heart attack.
So sad.
Honey, I am so sorry
to tell you this,
but Jeffers passed away.
What?
[ Exhales deeply ]
No.
I-I-I gotta go.
No, no, no. Now, you called him
for a reason.
Let me help you.
Just forget it, okay?
Okay, I-I know
you don't know me from Eve,
but you can trust me.
If you were in a confidential
relationship with Jeffers,
you were most likely
his C.I.--
which means he looked
the other way on some things.
How am I doing so far?
No comment.
Trace the call for this
highlighted number.
I will honor
the relationship you had
with Jeffers 100%.
And I will help you with this
matter of life and death.
I-I don't know.
What are you so afraid of?
I--
I overheard something
I wasn't supposed to last night,
and I don't know
what to do.
[ Clatter in distance ]
What was that?
What?
I think there's someone
in my house.
Who's in your house?
[ Gasps ]
Tell me where you are
and I'll send help
right away.
[ Nervously ]
I don't know who they are.
They must have found out
that I--
[ Screams ]
Hello?
[ Cellphone beeps ]
H-Hel--
Damn it.
Did you trace the number?
No go. It's a burner.
No name or address attached.
Boss?
Yeah?
I got a situation.
Oh, no.
No, you don't.
You are on inventory duty,
and that is the antithesis
of a situation.
Well, yeah, but a phone
I was inventorying
belonged to Agent Jeffers.
His C.I. called.
She's in trouble,
but she hung up
before I could get a name.
She said someone
was in her house.
You sure this isn't you
just desperately searching
for a way out
of inventory duty?
No, sir.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Jeffers' former partner's
Oliver Bailor.
Go talk to him.
Bailor?
[ Sighs ]
Twice in one day.
What a treat.
Sir, I need to speak to you
about an unidentified source
that belonged to one
of your former partners.
Which one?
Mike Jeffers.
A woman called
his old phone,
and she said it was
a matter of life and death,
and then she hung up.
I mean, do you have any idea
who that might be?
Nope.
But, sir.
The late Special Agent Jeffers
and I parted ways
over a year ago.
He had dozens of C. I. s.
Well, how many of them
were women?
A few.
I'm sure I have no idea
which one she is.
Maybe you do.
Okay, this woman,
her voice sounded sophisticated,
almost like the attitude
you would have if you were rich.
Gracie Hunt.
She runs an illegal poker game
for high rollers
out of her home
in Brentwood.
I'm going.
Please call LAPD
and have them meet me there.
You're a probationary agent.
You need a senior agent
with you.
Then come on.
Gracie needs us.
[ Siren wails ]
[ LoRez's "Show Me" plays ]
♪
Gracie? It's Simone!
♪ Why don't you show me
what you're made of ♪
Gracie?
♪ Why don't you show me
how you feel ♪
♪ Your kind of taste
is what I live for ♪
Damn it.
♪ Dance like a fiend
with a fix to fill ♪
She's dead.
Maybe she called Mike hoping
he'd talk her out of using.
Hearing that he was dead
pushed her over the edge.
That doesn't track.
20 minutes ago,
this girl was yelling
that there was an intruder
in her house,
and now she's O. D.'d?
Something is not right.
It had to be staged.
We don't have nearly
enough evidence
to support that theory.
Ms. Hunt was in and out
of rehab,
so an accidental O. D.
is possible.
But not plausible.
Were there any signs
of a break-in?
No, sir.
And even if it is a murder,
it's LAPD's jurisdiction.
Unless it's the murder
of a federal informant.
I'm going back to work.
Good luck with that. And this.
Oliver, wait.
Simone's instincts
are usually spot-on.
Could you work this with her?
No.
Her training agent
isn't here, Oliver,
and you worked with
Jeffers for years.
No one's gonna have
your level of insight.
You know that.
Alright, fine.
But she will do things
my way or not at all.
Of course.
Goes without saying.
So I got an idea.
Good for you.
Now stop talking
and do as you're told.
Camera should catch the unsub
stealing the drugs.
[ Paper rustling ]
[ Sighs ]
What's that?
A list of hot suspects.
Everyone with access
and motive.
There's, like,
20 people on that.
Mm-hmm.
And that's one of them
right there.
Nurse Melinda,
lookin' all guilty.
Or just hungry.
Not Miss Sacred Cow
going medieval on a cheeseburger
after acting all sanctimonious
about being a lifelong vegan.
What a liar.
But not a thief.
It wasn't right when folks
accused you with zero proof,
so maybe don't do
the same thing to them?
She is a liar, though.
I mean, that's clearly
a double patty.
This letter is perfect.
Huh.
Almost.
Okay, so first you're
a real estate expert
and now you're a
literary critic?
Uh, just don't be
so sensitive.
Ma'am. I-I'm just gonna
highlight one sentence here.
"Your recent kitchen remodel
was refined yet breathtaking."
Yeah, that's a really
nice compliment.
[ Clicks tongue ] Yeah,
but think about your profile.
Okay, they're aging hippies
who go to Burning Man every year
and use a psychic.
Oh, so they value community
and prize sentimentality
over the material.
So do they care
about a remodel?
No, of course not.
They care about the memories
they leave behind.
I mean, Phil and Connie
have been married for 25 years.
They raised two kids
in there, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got it.
Oh, and there's just
a little spelling--
Shutting up.
Mm-hmm.
[ Keys clacking ]
And done.
Boom.
Yeah.
[ Popping ]
Take cover!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪
M-80s.
It's just someone
blowing off steam.
Or distracting us.
Hey, FBI! Stop!
♪
Stop!
[ Tires screech ]
I need a BOLO out
for a blue Camry,
no rear license plate, last seen
headed north on Western.
Why would somebody steal
an old evidence box?
I don't know.
But it's our necks
if we don't get it back.
Tell me you got something. Yes.
No.
Tell me you got something.
According
to Gracie's dealer,
Gracie left the game
early last night,
which never happens,
which means she was
clearly upset by something.
Which proves nothing.
Maybe not.
But it gives credibility
to what she said
when she called me.
She didn't call you.
She called Jeffers.
The dealer said
that there were
seven high rollers
at that game.
We need to bring them
all in for questioning.
We can't compel them,
and they've all got
lawyers on speed dial.
But we may have
an in, Oliver.
Gideon Taft.
Alright. The actor
from all the Marvel movies.
Yep.
And Brendon's nemesis.
He got every role
Brendon wanted.
Which might make this ask
a little tricky,
but if anybody
can sweet-talk B, it's me.
Is she always like this?
Yeah, pretty much.
Ooh, just the person
I was looking for.
Hey, how you doing?
How'd the burn run go?
Oh, not great.
How's inventory?
Well, I kind of ran into
a little thing,
and I'm hoping you could
help me with it.
Yeah, you know I'll
help you if I can.
Gideon Taft.
No, no.
But wait, B.
You didn't even--
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I-I--
No. You didn't even let me get
the question out.
I don't need to. He's the worst
guy in the world, so no.
Please. I need to talk to him
without his lawyer.
And you know I wouldn't ask you
if it wasn't important.
Ugh. Fine.
I'll ask him to come in.
But you owe me. Big time.
Trust me. Deal.
Hey, any clarity?
Stolen evidence box was from
the Andrew Vogel case.
Why do I keep
hearing that name?
Do you listen to the
"Cold Storage Crime" podcast?
Uh, sometimes.
The new season
is all about Vogel.
He was an accountant who ripped
off his clients $30 million.
He was sentenced to 20 years,
but died in prison--
heart attack.
Think maybe the podcaster
can tell us why someone
stole that evidence?
Laura already has her
coming in.
Clearly, our unsub knew
that the files
were being burned today.
And you think someone from this
building tipped them off.
And you want me to see
who was in the loop.
Why do I feel like
you're already on it?
'Cause I'm already on it.
You're the best.
[ Chuckles ]
I know.
Thank you.
Another stakeout tip--
go easy on the coffee.
It's Murphy's Law.
Crimes always go down when
the bladder has other plans.
Too late.
Back in a sec.
Hold up, hold up.
[ Chuckles ] Who's this guy?
Oh, that's just Gregory.
He interns here after school.
He's a good kid.
And a pill thief.
♪
[ Beep ]
FBI. Show me your hands.
Seriously?
I'm sorry, Miss Davis.
But I had to.
They're making me.
Who's making you?
I-I can't tell you that.
You can't?
Okay, listen to me.
I know it's scary
talking to the FBI.
But trust me, Carter's the best
person to have in your corner.
[ Sighs ]
What's going on, son?
Two weeks ago, I-I got a text
from this random number
saying I needed to steal pills.
Alright, I thought
it was a prank.
Until they sent me
a photo of my nana.
Your grandmother?
She's in a nursing home.
Alright, they got a photo
of her sleeping in bed.
These guys are no joke.
Said they'd hurt her
if I didn't deliver pills.
And how do you
deliver them?
I get a new location
every day.
When and where
is the next drop?
Two hours. At Griffith Park.
Looks like our stakeout
just turned into a sting.
Do you mind if I record this?
For my podcast?
No way.
Okay. Well,
then I'm out of here.
No, no, uh, no.
Y-Y-You can't record
this conversation.
I'm sure if you help us,
we can do a follow-up,
uh, interview at--
I'll do a follow-up interview.
How's that?
Great.
Earlier today,
someone stole a box
of old trial evidence
from the Vogel case.
Now, why would they
do that?
Well, Vogel stole millions,
hid the accounts behind
a cryptographic web of mystery.
I mean,
it's true-crime catnip.
Yeah, but in
your last episode,
you said that there was
800 grand missing.
Uh, what's the deal
with that?
So you're a fan.
A-As of 45 minutes ago,
y-yeah.
I listened
at five-times speed.
You listened at five-x?
You can't listen at five-x.
You lose all the nuance.
There's no nuance to this.
All of the money
was accounted for.
So why tell people
that it wasn't?
[ Scoffs ] It's money
the FBI didn't know about.
I'm telling you, Vogel hid money
behind one last puzzle.
And you're just sending amateur
sleuths out on a treasure hunt?
You know, one of them likely
committed a crime because of it.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
I'm just sharing the truth
with my listeners.
What they do with it
is on them.
It's Simone. Uh, she said
it's an emergency.
Hey.
You need to talk
to your "nemesis."
Oh. Uh, Gideon's
not cooperating?
Gideon's not here.
But "Cobra Wixx" is.
He says
he's a spy for MI-6.
Uh, yeah,
he's a "Method" actor.
He won't break character
because he's preparing
for a role
or filming, so...
So how do we get him
to talk to us?
[ Sighs ] You got to play
by his rules.
You mind if I have
a run at him?
[ Buzzer ]
Hey, Cobra.
Special Agent Acres.
[ British accent ]
Can't say I appreciate
being run in
like this, mate.
Oh, well, the FBI
needs your help.
Cobra's listening,
ain't I.
When you were at that
poker game last night,
did you overhear anyone
talking about anything illegal,
dangerous,
or worth killing for?
Certainly a spy
in the King's Service
must have overheard something.
I might have, bruv. Oh.
But before I say what I know,
what's bloody in it for me?
Okay. I have had it with you,
Daniel Dumb Lewis.
There is a murderer
on the loose,
and you're wasting time.
Stop all this
stupid method acting
and tell us what you heard.
I--
[ Clears throat ] I--
Boy, I'm not playing with you.
[ Normal voice ]
Okay, fine.
I-I'm sorry.
I-I-I didn't hear anything.
So all of this
was just improv?
Yeah.
But maybe-- maybe
my phone got something.
One of the other players
there-- he's from England.
I was recording him
to perfect my accent.
Hand it over.
And work on your damn accent,
'cause it's hella wack.
Colin, you're in
serious trouble.
You logged into
the FBI database
and looked up when
the Vogel case evidence
was set to be burned.
Why would I do that?
I don't know.
But there's a record showing
that you remotely logged in
from your house three nights ago
at 10:14 p. m.
That's not true. Oh.
Oh?
Well, there was a girl--
uh, Molly, or Margaret,
maybe Mary.
Uh-huh.
But I can't remember.
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, I met her at the bar
near my apartment.
And she was into
all the things I'm into--
Dutch Soccer and D&D.
Unicorn combo.
Ugh. Okay.
And you brought this
unicorn woman
back to your place?
Yeah, and she ended up
using my laptop
to quiz me on
Nordic trivia.
To find out your password.
I guess so.
Now, what did she look like?
Um, glasses, but hot.
Uh, long red hair.
Sounds like my thief.
Okay, where did she go
after she left your apartment?
I don't know.
She grabbed a ride share,
and I passed out.
Okay, do not even think
about leaving your desk
until we verify your story.
Do you understand?
Yes.
[ Quietly ] I'm sorry.
[ Quietly ] Yeah.
I heard you had a recording
from Gracie Hunt's poker game.
It's rough.
But the digital
forensics team
managed to isolate
the background,
and we got
this little snippet. Okay.
[ Beep ]
Man: The specialist
you hooked me up with?
He's making my problem
go away tomorrow.
And I'm going to dance
at his funeral.
[ Beep ]
So you're thinking "specialist"
equals hitman?
Yeah.
I mean, that has to be
the "life or death" thing
that Gracie overheard.
That's what got her killed.
The audio is too distorted
to I. D. the speaker.
So not only do we not know
who the target is,
we don't know who ordered
the hit, either.
Well, we do know it's one
of these five guys up here,
but we don't have enough time
to figure out which one.
Uh, not true.
This is when we have to fall
back on our fundamentals.
What fundamentals?
Research.
A skill you
would have perfected
if you had stayed
in my department.
Now, something in the background
of these players
could be the clue to figuring
out who ordered the hit.
One detail,
no matter how small,
might be all we need
to crack this.
Let's see.
[ Beep ]
Man: The specialist
you hooked me up with?
He's making my problem
go away tomorrow.
And I'm going to dance
at his funeral.
[ Beep ]
The specialist
you hooked me up with?
He's making my problem--
Wait, wait.
[ Beep ]
The specialist
you hooked me up with?
[ Beep ]
What are you thinking, Simone?
Well [sighs] he's speaking
so methodically, deliberately.
I worked
with a lot of kids
that had language
and speech disorders.
This guy could be
covering up a stutter.
That might be
just the detail.
Okay, where did I see this?
Mitch Ballard, CFO.
Not there.
Nothing in his financials.
Yes! Okay.
Mitch Ballard last year
was the keynote speaker
at the American Speech-
Language-Hearing Foundation.
Ding, ding, ding.
That can't be a coincidence.
He's our man.
Nice work.
Nice work to you,
too, sir.
Okay, you guys want to stop
patting each other on the back
and go pick this guy up, please?
♪
[ Vehicle doors close ]
Hopefully he makes
this easy. Yeah.
Hey, there.
Slow down.
FBI, Mr. Ballard.
We need a word.
I'm late for a meeting.
Sir, we need you to stop.
Alright, get the car,
cut him off.
[ Engine starts, tires screech ]
♪
Drop the case.
Get down on the ground.
[ Vehicle door closes ]
[ Handcuffs clicking ]
You okay?
Put him in the car.
[ Breathing heavily ]
I need a minute.
♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
Hey, boss.
Yeah?
Good news-- Oliver and I
caught Mitch Ballard.
Okay, well, then
what's the bad news?
He's not talking,
so we have no idea
who the hitman is he hired
or who the target might be.
Oh, and Oliver took himself
off the case
and went back to BCU.
[ Sighs ] Simone,
what did you do this time?
Me?
Yeah.
Nothing.
I didn't.
It was Ballard.
He hit him in the face
with a briefcase.
And he's okay.
I just think it's his pride
that's a little bruised.
It's more complicated
than that.
Two years ago, when Oliver
and Jeffers were partners,
Oliver was shot in the line.
He almost died.
Well, he could have just retired
and taken his pension,
but he loved the work.
So he left the field,
and he took over the BCU.
Looks like he was just given
a harsh reminder
of how dangerous
field work can be, right?
[ Sighs ]
[ Knock on door ]
Hi. You doing okay?
Fine. Thank you. Goodbye.
Listen, Ballard
isn't talking.
But we still have time
to stop the hit.
Yeah, I'm not
going back out with you.
I'm not asking you to.
I'm just saying, I think
we could solve this thing
if we do a deep dive
and figure out
who Ballard wants dead.
Hey.
I can't do what you do.
You're damn right,
you can't.
Everyone,
drop what you're doing.
We've got a new
research target.
Give me some.
So, uh, any news
on the house?
No.
My realtor says
that Phil and Connie
won't make a decision until
they consult their psychic.
It is no way to make
a major financial decision.
Oh, it is in L. A.
So, uh, where
are we going?
Oh.
The warrant came back
for the redhead's ride share.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Way to bury the lede.
So who is she?
And no one found the money.
Not his kids.
Not his wife. Not his boss.
[ Knock on door ]
Brendon: FBI.
Open up, Amelia.
You guys want to do
the interview now?
Sure.
Are you ready
to make a confession?
Just, uh, not
for your listeners.
Hey, wait. Oh.
Don't touch my stuff.
Oh, it's-- it's not
your stuff.
It's the FBI's.
Here we go.
And you are using it
to crack some sort of a code.
Vogel's personal journals.
It has the missing piece
of the puzzle,
which will reveal the location
of the 800 grand
and make me
a true crime legend.
Who are you
working with?
Someone told you
the evidence boxes
were being burned today.
And pointed her
towards Colin Mayberry
to use as a patsy.
I don't have
to tell you anything.
Yeah, but you're looking
at some serious time.
So remember this--
whoever talks first
gets the deal.
[ Elena and Sherry laugh ]
And then my uncle
sent me back to the coffee cart
because his latte didn't have
that stupid heart design
in the foam.
[ Both laugh ]
Hey, Sherry.
Do you have a second
to talk about some
Freedom of Information Act
requests?
You have one to file?
No.
But Amelia Teller did.
More than a dozen, actually,
requesting evidence
from the Andrew Vogel trial.
And you're a big fan
of her podcast, right?
So you decided,
"I'm gonna reach out.
I'm gonna give you
the evidence that you need
in exchange for half
of the money that Vogel hid."
No, I didn't.
Your partner flipped.
We have "receipts."
You're under arrest.
Stand up.
It was my ticket
out of this stupid job
where I have to listen
to my dumb boss
complain about his lame life
while I do all the hard work.
Alright.
Back me up, Elena.
You were just complaining
about your uncle.
[ Handcuffs click ]
I was not.
Who are you gonna believe?
Me? Or a confessed criminal?
Come on, let's go.
I'm going!
Fortune:
Why can't I come with you?
Because our target
is a dangerous extortionist.
It's better if you stay here
with Gardner and Morales.
I feel very safe.
I also feel like
giving you a kiss.
Well, it's neither
the time nor place for--
Code Name-- Trouble.
Living up to her name.
[ Chuckles ]
Good luck. Be safe.
Tell me you got something.
Yeah. Ballard's target.
Billionaire big wig
Dan Delford.
Ballard's boss. Why him?
Money.
Delford's always been
considered a reclusive genius.
Hasn't left his penthouse
in months.
Lately, his decision-making
has been so erratic,
it's tanking
the stock price.
Ballard is losing
millions a week.
Last straw appears to be
Delford's new
"Avery Initiative."
It's an environmental money pit
that shareholders hate.
Have you warned Delford?
We tried.
Reached out
to his security.
They said he gave them
the slip an hour ago.
Nobody knows
where he is.
Our hitman must have
figured out a way
to lure Delford
out of his hiding, but how?
Delford must have
a leverage point
that we don't know about.
I might know what it is.
What?
Delford mentioned
in an interview
that he named
the Avery Initiative
after a long-lost high-school
girlfriend-- Avery Edison.
I've been trying
to track her down.
Avery Edison died
in her home last week.
Slipped in the bathroom.
Her funeral
is this afternoon.
I bet Avery's death
was as much an "accident"
as Gracie's O. D.
was an O. D.
I'll mobilize LAPD to meet us
at that cemetery.
Yeah.
You coming?
[ Bell tolling ]
It worked.
Of course it did.
Heart strings are the easiest
thread to pull.
Now finish the job.
[ Car dinging ]
[ Car door closes ]
Package has been taped
under a bench at my 10:00.
We're a go.
♪
Keep eyes on
Mr. Gray Jacket here.
♪
We got a bogey. I'm gonna
get this old man out of here.
♪
You gotta be kidding me.
Hey.
FBI, sir.
Put the package back. Sir.
Sir!
Aah!
Hey, hey!
Aah! Aah!
My knee.
Drop the package.
Are you armed?
No. No.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
Stay still. I'm a nurse.
Are you feeling
lightheaded?
No, I'm feeling old.
Joseph Cicero. Yeah.
Joseph Cicero.
You were a Mafia enforcer
for the Milano brothers
back in the '80s.
They called you Joey C.
Didn't you get
a life sentence?
They gave me
a compassionate release
because of my age.
Suckers.
So you went right back
to crime-ing?
There's no pension plan
for old mobsters.
My idiot son spent
all the cash I had hidden
and stuck me in a home.
Now, I ain't built for Bingo.
So when I overheard
this old windbag
going on about her grandkid
working in a hospital,
it created
a business opportunity
for myself.
By terrifying a young man
into stealing pills.
Shame on you.
Stick your shame where
the sun don't shine.
How about I stick it
where those false teeth are?
Okay.
Ooh. Ooh.
Okay, let's--
let's not do that.
Yeah. Yeah. Come on.
Mr. Cicero, you're under arrest.
[ Opera music playing ]
♪
There's Delford.
Simone: Mr. Delford,
we need you to come with us.
What?
Garza: We're with the FBI,
Mr. Delford.
Just come with us, okay?
[ Engine starts ]
Why?
You're in jeopardy.
We'll explain later.
Let's go, sir.
[ Groans ]
♪
Simone: Are you okay?
It's a nerve agent.
This is Garza.
I need an ambulance
at my location right away.
There.
Gray suit, brown hair.
The nerve agent
was delivered by handshake.
Do not touch his hand.
Oliver: I got it.
Stay with them.
[ Gun cocks ]
FBI. Freeze, right there.
Don't move.
There you go. Hands up.
Get down on one knee.
Let's go. Yeah.
♪
[ Ambulance siren wails ]
[ Indistinct P. A. announcement ]
So I talked
to the prosecutor.
If Gregory testifies
against Joey C.,
the charges will be knocked down
to a misdemeanor.
No prison.
That's great, Carter.
Yeah, and now we've proven
to your colleagues
that you weren't
the pill thief.
Thank you.
You're the best
partner ever.
You're not so bad yourself.
Simone: Carter!
Why does God hate me?
Y-- You're supposed
to be doing inventory.
Yeah, well,
we caught a murder.
What's wrong with him?
Nerve agent of some kind.
Page Dr. Miles, now.
I'm afraid to ask.
I was minding
my own business
when this girl called.
She was looking
for Agent Jeffers,
but he's dead.
She was in jeopardy
because she found out
about a murder for hire.
Then she gets killed.
Staged to look like
an O. D.
Uh, which you did not believe,
by the way.
But that's a whole
'nother story.
Anyway, turns out
there's this hitman
who makes his kills
look like accidents,
and he poisoned
this billionaire,
but we caught his ass
at the cemetery.
[ Exhales sharply ]
So you didn't
do the inventory?
I-I did some of it.
Okay, Logan. Okay.
You don't have to talk to me
if you don't want to.
That's fine. But I'm
not a fool, either.
There was no getaway car
at the cemetery. Huh?
There's no way
that one man
could have subdued Avery
and Gracie all by themselves.
So you have a partner.
You give him up,
we cut you a deal.
Or you can spend
the rest of your young life
in a federal penitentiary.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Okay.
[ Buzzer, door opens ]
We are not gonna get
anything out of him.
Who knew that hitmen
could be so loyal?
Yeah, well, it's not
just about loyalty, Simone.
The guy's afraid.
He knows that if he talks,
he dies.
We arrested Ballard
for paying for the hit,
but it doesn't feel right
that there's a killer
still out there.
We're gonna find him.
Starting tomorrow.
But tonight, you need
to complete inventory duty.
[ Laughs ]
That's funny.
You see me laughing?
Nope. I'm on it.
Good.
You know, I can get
a suggestion box if you'd like.
For any complaints
or anything.
Oh. You heard.
[ Sighs ]
No heart shape
in my latte's foam.
Hey,
you have to give a little
to get a little
in the assistant network.
Complaining about our bosses
is what bonds us.
It's all make-believe
with you.
♪
Tío. Tío, come on.
[ Telephone rings in distance ]
How's Delford doing?
It was touch and go
for a bit.
But he's gonna be okay.
Almost killed by a handshake.
What a day.
I'm on hour 22,
but I feel more wired
than I did when we started
at 9:00 a. m.
Yeah, me too.
[ Both laugh ]
You know,
as fun as today was,
being Code Name-- Trouble
and all,
I'm sad we missed
breakfast at the beach.
Yeah.
Would have been romantic.
You know what would be
even more romantic, though?
The beach at moonlight?
Exactly.
I like it.
Yeah?
But you know what would be
even more romantic than that?
Hmm?
The beach at sunrise after
we spend the night at my place.
You win. Always.
And don't you
forget it.
You really think there's
a missing 800 grand out there
and the key to finding it
is hidden somewhere
in Vogel's journals?
Well, if it is,
the cryptanalysts will find it,
but by the way it's looking,
those two women just got
into a lot of trouble
for nothing.
At least it saved us
from some serious embarrassment.
And I got to check something off
of my coloring book.
Oh, not quite.
We have to finish
the burn run tomorrow.
Really? No credit
for time served?
Alright, well, we can
go look at some
different houses
for you, then. Oh.
Actually, I predict that
my housing fortunes
are about to improve.
Is that Bill and Connie's
psychic?
Yes.
Ah, Madame Montclairé,
thanks for coming in.
Do you know who I am?
Laura Stensen.
You're one of the less
qualified applicants
for Phil
and Connie's home.
Wow, the Internet's really made
life easier for psychics.
Oh, yeah.
I must warn you.
I am bound by a covenant
to guard my clients' trust
in their communion
with the fates
and wisdom
of the spirits. Sure.
On the other hand,
what I'm offering
is to put a small thumb
on the scale of justice
with the Phoenix P. D.--
who currently have a warrant out
for your arrest
for shoplifting a crystal ball.
Congratulations
on your new home.
Thank you.
Yes!
Oh, see, you are not
the only one
who knows how to play
the L. A. real estate game.
♪
Working late?
Inventory is not
gonna finish itself.
You?
I'm just trying to get
a jump on tomorrow.
I, um-- I heard about what
happened with you and Jeffers.
And I can't imagine how hard
it was to come back from that.
Well, I hope you never
have to find out.
Tell me, are you the reason that
there is a rumor going around
that I broke the back
of the Delford case...
single-handedly?
Well... I, uh, kinda sorta
put that out there.
I guess you want me
to thank you.
No. I want you
to forgive me.
For what?
My first day in your unit,
I was a little annoyed.
Oh, really?
I couldn't tell.
But working with you today
changed my perspective.
I can be headstrong
and impatient.
But I could have learned
a lot in your unit.
I could have learned
a lot from you.
♪ Flicking light buzzes
on everything almost ♪
Probationary
Special Agent Clark,
you're absolutely right.
For once.
But, um, next time
you have a problem?
Leave me out of it.
Where's the fun in that?
♪ But there's no need to steer ♪
- Captions by VITAC--
♪